README.md, before:

# HostBridge for VSCode

This extension adds options to Make, Execute, and Put Hostbridge scripts on the Explorer context menu as well as the Editor context menu.  It also adds a Hostbridge Explorer that acts as a host repository browser.  The repository browser provides context menu options to Get and Delete content items.

Please note this extension is still considered beta.

## Disclaimer
This is an unofficial HostBridge extension.  I am not affiliated with [HostBridge](http://www.hostbridge.com).

## Features

..coming soon..

## Requirements

It is assumed you have access to a mainframe environment running Hostbridge.

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `hostbridge.hosts`: The available hosts and their respective regions and repositories
* `hostbridge.activeRepository`: The currently selected hostbridge repository

## Known Issues

Doesn't prompt to set hosts on first load
Doesn't support processing multiple scripts at once

## Release Notes

Continuing to work toward fully stable 1.0 version of the extension.

### 0.6.0

Reworked settings to allow for multiple hosts.  Userid is also now set per region.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

moved view from explorer to actionbar and added hostbridge icon

README.md, after:

# HostBridge for VSCode

This extension adds options to Make, Execute, and Put Hostbridge scripts on the Explorer context menu as well as the Editor context menu.  It also adds a Hostbridge Explorer that acts as a host repository browser.  The repository browser provides context menu options to Get and Delete content items.

Please note this extension is still considered beta.

## Disclaimer
This is an unofficial HostBridge extension.  I am not affiliated with [HostBridge](http://www.hostbridge.com).

## Features

..coming soon..

## Requirements

It is assumed you have access to a mainframe environment running Hostbridge.

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `hostbridge.hosts`: The available hosts and their respective regions and repositories
* `hostbridge.activeRepository`: The currently selected hostbridge repository

## Known Issues

Doesn't prompt to set hosts on first load

Doesn't support processing multiple scripts at once

## Release Notes

Continuing to work toward fully stable 1.0 version of the extension.

### 0.6.1

Changed view from explorer to actionbar and added hostbridge icon


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
